[Mary] Cuts and scrapes
and sacrifices are real.
What is real is my husband is in Ohio
at this very moment
interviewing for a job.
which means we could have to move
our entire lives. That is real.
What you have is a fucking fantasy
with another woman's husband.
[Eleanor] Are you moving?
- [Mary] What does that matter?
- [Eleanor] What do you mean?
- You are my best friend.
- [Mary] Yes!
So was Nancy.
and you're fucking her husband.
[Mary] Mary Simpson always saw
the best in people.
Even though people always
seemed to prove her wrong.
- Get out of my house.
- [Eleanor] Mary.
Now.
[Mary] She wasn't naive.
She had seen enough
to know how ugly this world can get.
So she learned
to build herself a new reality.
- [sighs]
- [Mary] But the real world
- had other plans for Mary.
- [sighs]
You hear that. Nance?
She finally got what she wanted.
[Mary] Mary couldn't remember
the last time she surprised herself.
There was a time
when she felt capable of anything.
Back before the pilgrimages
to Costco and the PTA bake sales…
"…and the functional lingerie.
Mary had ambition and desire.
A secret fire that was all her own.
She knew what she wanted and she took it.
That's how she got Howard.
She was his TA.
not even a year into her PhD.
Decades later. she could still feel
the weight of his body on hers.
the scratch of his sofa's acrylic
upholstery against her naked back."
Hmm.
"She could…" Uh. sorry. Um…
"His marriage had been dead for years.
He'd have left his wife by now
if he weren't so concerned
she'd slit her wrists. Again.
Mary told herself she pitied
that poor woman.
But in truth. the infidelity
only made the whole thing more delicious.
She wanted him. And she was not ashamed."
[inhales deeply] So that's just
the beginning. I think.
Reads a little pornier than I intended.
[chuckles]
[all laughing]
[chuckles] Let's let the text
speak for itself.
There's so much good stuff in there.
"Functional lingerie"?
Ugh. I instantly know this woman.
- Thanks.
- Okay. Thoughts? Reactions?
Anyone?
I appreciate the honesty.
I agree. Takes real bravery to
depict yourself as such an amoral person.
Amoral. Yes. And just unlikable.
[workshop member 1 scoffs]
Who else found the protagonist
of Mary's story unlikable?
Yeah. Um. she's having an affair
with a married man
and she's rooting for the wife
to commit suicide.
Well. she's not… she's not rooting. Sorry.
So how might Mary
bring the reader on board earlier?
Personally. I would love
to hear about Nancy.
Yes.
I didn't even mention her.
Guys. let's-let's focus.
We've seen your pictures
on her social media.
[stammers] I'm with Russell.
Write about Nancy.
You can even lean into the mystery.
And the thriller.
- Oh. that's brilliant.
- [Russell] Yes.
In real life. was it the husband?
- [workshop member 2] Could be the friend.
- Who's the friend?
- Well. it's not…
- We need to settle down.
The daughter did post
that video this morning.
- What video?
- [workshop member 3] Oh. it went viral.
Apparently. the husband…
- [Russell] Robert.
- [workshop member 3] Robert.
- who is so handsome…
- [Russell] So handsome.
[workshop member 3] …was sleeping
with Nancy's best friend. Eleanor.
[chattering indistinctly]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[Mary] Since the day they met.
Mary knew that being friends with Nancy
was the most interesting thing about her.
Mary understood the allure
of an effortlessly glamorous blonde
with radiant skin.
And she knew how she stacked up
by comparison.
But Mary had no interest
in the world's idea of perfection.
She was the oldest of five kids.
raised on a pot farm in the '80s.
And she never felt deprived.
Because with a little imagination.
she could bend reality to fit her needs.
Excuse me. are you Sean?
- Uh. yeah.
- Uh. I heard you could help me.
I'm-I'm looking for cold medicine.
Do you have… Do you have that?
Uh. daytime or nighttime?
Definitely daytime.
- I'll have to check in the back.
- As long as it's not a hassle.
Thank you.
[Mary] While other people
had wealth and status.
Mary had something far more useful.
Resourcefulness.
[sighs]
- [Sean] Thanks.
- Thank you.
Okay.
Princess Tilly Tomorrow looked up
the steps of the Pyramid of the Sun.
Dragon. what's at the top
of the Pyramid of the Sun?
[roars] He breathes fire.
but in a really friendly. nice way.
Today. you will be reunited
with your mother.
famed archaeologist and Queen.
Tanya Tomorrow.
And then Princess Tilly Tomorrow bounced
up the steps of the Pyramid of the Sun.
She was so excited to get to the top.
[gasps] She gasped.
- I guess I'll have to tell you tomorrow.
- [both] No!
Mom. please finish.
[chuckles] I will. Tomorrow.
- Who wants the dragon?
- [both] Me!
Okay. I think it's Junie's turn. honey.
I'm sorry. but you're gonna
get the princess. Okay?
- Here. grab her.
- Thank you.
[Mary] I love you.
- Love you too.
- [Mary] Good night.
And the winner of the dragon.
- Good night. Love you.
- Night. Love you.
[newscaster] And in local news.
it's been nearly two months
since the shocking murder of Pasadena
housewife. Nancy Hennessey.
- In the wake of recent revelations…
- Look. Nance. you're on TV.
…the victim's good friend.
Eleanor Bouchet.
is now being considered
a person of interest.
Sources tell us that investigators
- are also taking another look…
- Bullshit. On what evidence?
…at the victim's husband.
Robert Hennessey.
Ms. Bouchet and Mr. Hennessey
could not be reached for comment today.
but we are told that a statement
from the Hennessey family…
- Mary. Mary. Quite Contrary.
- …is expected tomorrow.
- How does your garden grow?
- Hey. you.
With silver bells and cockle shells
and pretty maids all in a row.
- [Mary chuckles]
- Mmm.
You said your flight was tomorrow.
What are you…
They canceled the morning event
so I flew standby.
I wanted to tell you in person.
[drumroll]
I got the job.
[sighs] Wow.
Tenure track. baby.
The dean told me at lunch.
Apparently the other candidates
shat the bed and they love yours truly.
Well. I mean. why wouldn't they?
They actually understand my work.
Congratulations. I mean.
this is terrific. [inhales deeply]
"This is terrific"?
Here comes Caesar
returning victorious from battle.
parading his men through the Forum.
and you say. "This is terrific"?
I'm sorry.
I am so proud of you. [chuckles]
Um… Hail to the conquering hero!
- [glasses clink]
- [chuckles. inhales sharply]
So when would you start?
August.
And how long do we have to decide?
Decide what?
If we're moving
the whole family to Ohio. [chuckles]
I've never even been to Ohio.
Buckeyes. chili on spaghetti…
You'll love it.
Sweetie. I'm serious.
Artie's finally adjusted to her school.
And Junie's just…
She loves her piano lessons.
- Marcus…
- Marcus is a grown man.
And the girls' needs
can't always come first.
I'm part of this family too. you know?
We have friends here. This…
Is this a prank? [chuckles]
Did I… Did I walk in the wrong house?
This job is our dream.
Well. I think under
different circumstances. it would be--
My last gig was writing program notes
for a third-tier fucking ballet.
I'm a scholar. I'm better than this.
I mean. Lord knows we could use the money.
[sighs] Well. I could work.
- We always said I would.
- Did we?
Yeah. when I was pregnant with Marcus.
Don't you remember?
We… We had discussed that when he
was little you would pursue your career.
But then it would be my turn.
That was ages ago. A lot's changed. Mare.
I… For Christ's sake. I was married
to Psycho Jenny back then.
I'm just trying to find a solution. so…
To a problem you're creating. Fuck!
Greatest day of my professional life
and it's still not enough.
- You used to be my biggest cheerleader.
- [sighs]
Brava. Mary. Well done.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
You're right. It's… I'm happy.
- Really?
- Yeah.
It's just all happening. you know.
a lot faster than I expected.
- [inhales sharply]
- This is gonna be good for us.
- Mm-hmm.
- We're gonna be happy there. I promise.
Okay. [chuckles]
Did you get my message?
- What message?
- [inhales deeply] About Eleanor.
Oh. right. I-I thought
I already responded to that.
Mm-mmm.
Well. we said
just awful things to each other.
I don't… I don't think
we've ever had a fight like that.
Well. you-you two could use
some breathing room.
It's not healthy to be
so codependent. you know.
I'm pooped. [exhales heavily]
- See you upstairs?
- Yeah. I'll be right there.
[sighs]
[whispers] Just one.
'Cause you're in control.
[sighs]
[blows]
[Mary] Mary always hated
the term "housewife."
Worst still was "homemaker."
Neither felt generous or accurate
to describe how she spent her days.
But if anyone asked her
to account for her time.
she would have struggled to do so.
Recounting facts and details
was never her strong suit.
And until her best friend was murdered.
no one ever cared enough to question her.
Watch out. it's hot.
Thank you.
Mare. Uh. Detective Ganz
says she has some questions for us.
- [door closes]
- Okay.
[Ganz] Just a few.
Hey.
The affair between. uh.
Mr. Hennessey and Ms. Bouchet.
when did you first become aware of it?
- Yesterday morning.
- Mary told me yesterday.
And as far as you know.
when did the relationship begin?
After Nancy's death.
- You're sure about that?
- [Mary] Positive.
It's awful. what Eleanor did.
but this is an old crush.
It's… She's caught up
in this moment of grief.
They're not running off together.
It's nothing.
Have either one of you ever seen them
lose their temper. become violent?
Eleanor? No. No.
Sure. but Robert…
When he's had a few.
he can be a little prickly.
Prickly how?
Robert is. uh… How can I put this? Uh.
he's-he's used to getting what he wants.
I mean. you-you've met him.
He's handsome. rich. spoiled.
Lot of fancy education.
but sadly. not much to show for it.
And so when things don't go his way…
Yeah. I've seen him. uh. react.
- He wrote Nancy a letter.
- What letter?
Robert knew about the affair.
He pretended not to. but he did.
And they got into a fight.
and Nancy was scared of him.
So he had to write her an apology letter.
Eleanor told me yesterday.
I'll look into that.
Have you looked
into Nancy's stepdad? Scott?
You're referring to Mr. Reed?
Yes. You are aware that he
assaulted her when she was a child?
Have you checked into that?
We've reached out to Mr. Reed
and he informed us
that he's had no contact
with Mrs. Hennessey in 20 years.
Unless you know differently.
All I know is that she was scared of him.
She sketched him in this scrapbook
that she has.
And she was… It's…
It's clear she was scared of him.
[Ganz clicks tongue] Okay.
"Okay"? [stammers]
These are things
that you can go off of. Detective. okay?
One of these men killed my friend.
What makes you so certain it was a man?
- Are you…
- [stammers. sighs]
Detective Ganz. my-my wife
has been pretty generous with her time.
And that's appreciated. I just…
I have one more question.
What time did you say
you left dinner that night?
Like I said. about 9:00 or so.
And if a bartender said he served you
three or four drinks
after the ladies left. he would be lying?
I may have stayed for a drink.
He had told us that he needed to.
quote. "Pour you into an Uber."
Is it possible there are parts
of that night you don't remember?
My wife came home at 10:30
and went straight to bed.
I was with her the whole night.
- [Mary] Ooh! Oops. I can do it.
- Okay. [grunts] Okay.
Now. do I need to call an attorney?
Relax. We're done here.
Is that the. uh… the scrapbook?
- Mm-hmm.
- The one you mentioned to the detective?
Yeah. You must've seen Nancy
doodling in rehearsal or something.
Possibly. Have the cops seen it?
Yeah. they didn't think it was useful.
- Well. is it?
- Yeah. I think so.
But you saw Detective Ganz blow me off
when I brought up the drawing.
I just feel like if I could
find something definitive…
To take suspicion off of Eleanor.
I just want to know
what happened to Nancy.
Well. I have a call set up
with the real estate agent in Ohio.
Unless you think I should cancel it.
[clicks tongue. sighs]
No. No. [chuckling]
- [chuckles]
- Now put that away.
The. uh. detective
looked like she was on top of it.
- [Mary sighs]
- Let her do her job. Hmm?
[sighs]
Nancy. what are you trying to say to me?
[Mary] Mary could never
bring herself to believe in God.
But in those rare.
electric moments of inflection.
she was sure she could feel
some energetic force guiding her way.
And on that warm June afternoon.
Mary felt that energy at work again.
Or maybe it was Nancy.
Or Adderall.
But it worked.
[gasps]
[breathing shakily]
[Howard] "Give me a thousand kisses.
then a hundred.
then a second thousand.
then a second hundred.
Then another thousand.
and yet another hundred."
"You will give me
a thousand-thousand kisses.
then we will both forget the count.
So that no lonely man might grow jealous
when he learns the plenty of our love."
Your mastery of ancient languages
is just… It's truly inspiring.
Tiny thing. I think "conturbo" is more
"to confuse" than "to forget."
[exhales deeply]
- Jenny and I are over.
- Does she know that?
She's a sick woman.
And I… I hate to say it.
but she doesn't need a husband.
She needs a doctor.
When she's more stable. then I'll end it.
[pen clicks]
- Hi. Jenny.
- Mary. is he in there?
Mm-hmm.
Great. Send those listings over
so I can discuss with my wife.
Thank you. Rita. You're a saint.
Somebody might be
getting their own office.
I found this in Nancy's scrapbook.
What is it?
It's a page from your Catullus.
Okay. what am I looking at?
The same line has been underlined.
It's a good line.
Howard. how did Nancy get ahold
of your obscure translation
of an ancient Roman poet?
I don't know. It's-It's on Amazon.
It had a print run of basically zero.
No one… No one read the book.
I don't know. Maybe I gave her a copy.
I don't remember.
You gave Nancy a book of poetry?
[smacks lips] Yeah.
Yeah. we were. uh. talking at rehearsal
and the conversation turned to my work.
and. uh. I said I'd bring her a copy.
I'm surprised she read it.
Mary. are you okay?
Just tell me what's going on. Howard.
I could ask you the same question.
Why did you give this to her?
Mary. your pupils are like saucers.
We've been down this road before.
I thought we were past this.
Are you using those pills again?
You're deflecting. You're not…
Mary. we don't want to lose control again.
Remember what happened
last time you spun out?
How scared we were?
- No. this is… No. this is different.
- You put our kids in danger.
Thank God Junie was okay.
We might not get so lucky next time.
[Mary] Mary turned it over
and over in her mind.
She tried to see it from every angle.
and none of them made sense.
Nancy and Howard. Howard and Nancy.
Howard looked
completely unfamiliar to Mary.
But also exactly the same.
like a Howard forgery.
Was that always how he smelled?
[dramatic music playing]
[sighs]
[breathes deeply]
[Mary] Had Nancy been counterfeit too?
Who was the real Nancy Hennessey?
That fucking ballet.
That night.
[ominous music plays]
[Mary] She should've known that night.
Mary should've talked to Howard then…
[door slams]
…but he was in one of his moods.
[line ringing]
[Mary] It was Nancy who looked distraught.
You've reached Nancy Hennessey.
I'm unavailable to take your call
at the moment.
[Mary] And concern
makes a fine excuse for curiosity.
[crying]
[Mary] The tears were real.
- [knocks on door]
- [gasps. breathes shakily] Mary?
- [Mary] Everything else was a lie.
- Hey.
- Right to Mary's face.
- Hey. It's okay. It's okay.
- [sniffles]
- It's okay.
[Nancy]
When Robert drinks. he's someone else.
I don't know what set him off tonight.
but I just knew I had to get out of there.
I didn't have a plan. I just drove.
Why did you go to Howard
and not me or Eleanor? [chuckles]
I didn't want you to hate Robert.
I mean. Howard already does.
Plus he has experience with… you know.
Come on. it's not like
I was strung out on heroin.
I needed a few extra hours of energy.
- We all did it in college.
- No. I know. I know. I'm…
Howard wasn't much help at all. anyway.
I mean… You know. desperate times.
So are you gonna go home?
Like. ever? I hope so.
Why don't you come crash with us tonight?
- No.
- Yeah.
No. no. no. no. Um. no. I…
I'll probably just…
I'll just go to Ojai. I think.
'Kay.
[breathes deeply]
Mare. today started out so perfectly.
And then it just…
And then it ended with you
and your best friend
gorging themselves
on the entire Norm's hot cake menu.
That's what you're going to remember
about tonight. right?
Good. Well. we have
some more work to do. so…
Sir. can we see
that hot cakes menu please?
[Mary] And sweet Mary.
our lady of the tender. bleeding heart.
she actually believed that horseshit.
Hey. sweetheart. What're you doing up?
I couldn't sleep.
[Mary] Uh-oh. You could sleep
through the second coming.
Yeah. it's nothing.
All right. What kind of nothing?
First. promise you won't get mad.
I cross my heart.
[sighs]
It's Aunt Eleanor.
I heard what that detective said today.
You were listening?
I know the cops think
she killed Aunt Nancy. and…
I know she didn't.
How do you know that. Marcus?
'Cause the night Nancy died…
she-she was with me.
Who was?
Eleanor. She came to get me in Van Nuys.
What were you doing in Van Nuys?
Yeah. I know it was dumb to go.
but I owed this kid some money and he…
he said we could figure something out.
Damn it. Marcus. You're gambling again?
I only did it so I wouldn't have to
ask you guys for cash.
What?
You and Dad are always
so worried about money.
- You are on probation. Do you understand…
- Mom. Okay. Mom. You promised.
[breathes deeply] Mm-hmm.
They wouldn't let me leave
until I paid up.
Oh. my God. [gasps. sighs]
So you called Eleanor?
She's the only person I know
with that kind of cash.
She paid your bookie?
The cops think she killed Aunt Nancy.
and I… I'm her only alibi.
She's protecting you.
I seriously don't know what would've
happened that night if she hadn't come.
But I can't let her get in trouble. and…
Sweetie.
- I just… I don't know what to do.
- Sweetie. it's okay.
- Mom. I don't know what to do. [crying]
- Come here. come here. It's okay.
I just don't want you and Aunt Ellie
to stop being friends 'cause of me.
Oh. we're never gonna stop being friends.
We have been through too much already…
- Yeah. Yeah. [sniffles]
- …her and I. Right?
You're a good man. you know that?
Just please call me next time. okay?
I know. I was gonna tell you
when I got home.
It's just… You were asleep
and-and Dad wasn't home.
What do you…
Where was Dad?
I don't know.
His car wasn't in the driveway.
- Mom?
- Sorry. it's all right. Just. um…
Why don't you go get some sleep. okay?
[sniffles] We'll talk about it tomorrow.
It's okay.
Howard's been lying about everything.
He told the cops he was home.
When did he leave?
He was wearing that blazer.
[suspenseful music playing]
[breathing heavily]
Are you wearing your
claddagh ring I gave you?
You told me it would be
my grounding force. right?
[suspenseful music continues]
[breathing shakily]
You look mad. Are you mad?
Yes. I am mad… at you. Nancy. [pants]
Did our friendship mean so little to you?
How could you do this to me?
[Nancy] Well. you did it too.
To Howard's wife.
[breathing heavily]
What? No. that was
completely different. [sighs]
[Nancy] How?
[suspenseful music continues]
[sighs]
[tires screech]
[dog barking]
Who's there?
Jenny?
Do I know you?
It's Mary.
Mary McCormack.
Oh. my God. Mary. [sighs]
- I'm sorry to barge in on you like this.
- [sighs] How did you find me?
Um. I follow you on Facebook.
which is embarrassing to admit.
Did Howard send you?
Does he know where I live?
He doesn't know I'm here.
[clears throat]
[sighs]
What happened. Mary?
Um. I'm really doing it.
When you and Howard were…
No. what am I trying to say?
Um. when you and Howard
first started dating…
[breathes deeply] …did he read you poetry?
That's your question?
[breathes deeply]
I need you to help me understand.
No. that's just… I'm sorry. that's insane.
Oh. I sound insane.
You don't owe me anything.
'Cause your husband left you for me.
so you probably hate me.
That's what he told you?
That he left?
Yes. yes. [sighs]
When I got pregnant. he divorced you. so…
Wow.
Do you want to know the truth?
The truth is that you weren't
the first of his co-eds.
but you were different.
You sought me out.
You were this brilliant. young woman
with a stunning career ahead of you.
And stupid me.
I thought I could guide you.
I let you into my life and all along.
you were just using me
to get closer to him.
No. Jenny. That is not true.
I respected you so much.
and your work inspired me
to get into the field.
And into my husband's bed.
When I found out about you.
I told him I was done.
He begged me not to go.
[sighs] He called you
just another meaningless fling.
And he said that he would refuse to
acknowledge the baby if I agreed to stay.
No. he said… He said you were unstable.
Did I seem unstable?
You chose to believe him
over your own eyes.
What else did he tell you?
[swallows] He told me you cut your wrists.
that you tried to kill yourself.
[scoffs]
But he did leave me with this.
This is two flights of stairs.
It was the night I told him I was leaving.
We got into an argument.
Howard can't fathom being left.
I thought about you a lot over the years.
I wondered how things turned out for you.
I could've warned you about him.
I wouldn't have believed you.
What did Howard do to you?
[sniffles. breathes shakily]
[breathes shakily]
[knocks on door]
[breathing heavily. sniffles]
I know who David is. [breathes heavily]
I've always thought this poem
was a part of our story and now…
I don't even know if it was ever mine
to begin with.
Mary. he… He is a predator.
I keep imagining him reading it to Nancy.
I mean. clearly it was important to her.
She tore it out. She kept it.
Maybe there was some part of her
that knew one day you would find it.
She must've thought I was so stupid.
- No.
- Which I am.
- God. Do you have any Advil or anything?
- Yeah.
You are not stupid. There is no reason
you should have known about this.
Oh. come on. He did it to Jenny.
Why wouldn't he do it to me?
I just don't want you blaming yourself.
- There were others.
- What do you mean?
There were other women.
You never said anything.
What would have been the point?
I was never gonna leave him.
I would never do that to the kids.
[sighs] And he always came back. you know?
I… He needed me. I needed him
and that is all that mattered.
There was one time
about five or six years ago
when I was giving the girls a bath
and a woman came to the door.
She was young. early 20s. You know. thin.
And Howard said she was a grad student
who was upset about a grade.
Took her up to his office.
closed the door. [sniffles]
What did you do?
I finished the bath. [chuckles]
I never said a word about it.
You were protecting yourself
and your family.
But if I had said something then…
Nancy may still be alive.
Okay. but you might not be.
God. This ring. he took it off her body.
Oh. Jesus.
Ellie. Howard took it
off of her dead body.
How is any of this real?
None of my life seems real.
No. Listen to me.
You and I are real.
This is real.
You needed me
and I kicked you out of my home.
I am sorry.
I should not have lied to you
about Robert.
- No. Marcus told me what you did.
- [chuckles]
You are risking your freedom
to protect my son? Why?
Are you kidding me?
That is my kid.
I was in the room when he was born.
There is nothing I wouldn't do
to keep him safe.
I know. I know you would.
[groans. breathes shakily]
[phone buzzes]
- [gasps] Ellie.
- What?
It's him. Oh. God.
I left my phone at the house.
What should I do?
- Answer it.
- Okay.
- And you have to find out what he knows.
Hello?
[Howard] Eleanor. where is she?
Where's Mary?
What? I don't… I don't know
what you're talking about. Howard.
It's the middle of the night.
[Howard] I need to talk to her right now.
It's Artemis. She's in the hospital.
[Eleanor] Okay. they said room eight.
[machines beeping]
Oh. my God. Artie. sweetie. Mommy's here.
What happened to her? What happened?
Ma'am. you need to give us space.
- Mary. let them do their job.
- [scoffs] She needs me.
Please. somebody tell me what's going on.
Over here.
We're trying to stabilize her now.
- Okay.
- What?
Your husband said
she swallowed some pills.
- What pills?
- They were in this.
- Do you recognize it?
- [sighs]
What were the pills?
Mom. you have to tell us
so we know how to help your daughter.
It's. uh… [swallows] …Adderall. Uh.
ten milligrams. I think. It's Adderall.
[nurse] Adderall. ten milligrams.
- Mary…
- [nurse] Pulse is climbing.
- 145. 160.
- [machines beeping]
What's happening? What's… What's going on?
What's happening? Is she okay?
Artie. Mommy's here. okay?
Mom. we need you to back up.
Artie. Mommy's here.
I'm right here. sweetie.
Your mommy's right here.
It's gonna be okay. sweetie.
[sniffles] Mommy's here. sweetie.
Mommy's right here.
It's gonna be okay. [sniffles]
[sobs] What's happening to my baby?
[sniffles] Please help her. Please. [sobs]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm